 deponya_flavour.2.t:0 "To Be A Keeper"
 deponya_flavour.2.d:0 "TODO flavour event about Forest Berry. Should showcase what Eygsic is like."
 deponyaflavour.2.a:0 "TODO"
 
 deponya_flavour.2.t:0 "The Royal Keeper"
 deponya_flavour.2.d"0 "Atop a spider the size of a wagon, a green-frocked and hooded stallion quietly drew his bow, alert to a presence lurking nearby in the gloom of the Eygsic. If the forest was mostly safe for the ponies of Deponya, it was because Keepers like himself kept it so, carefully watching the borders to ensure nothing foul wandered in, and carefully minding its secrets so that nothing foul festered unknown inside. His ears flicked, and the spider beneath him twitched slightly, at the sound of a branch snapping through the underbrush. Poachers, perhaps? A bear? His eyes narrowed as he scanned the deep of the forest for movement.\n\n"Prince Forest Berry?" a voice called out, and the Keeper relaxed, as did his spider.\n\n"That I am," Forest replied, and both he and his mount, Hollycrest, relaxed as a fellow Keeper's spider parted the underbrush, coming into view.\n\nForest's compatriot, matched in the same drab green garb the Prince wore, gave him a deferential salute. "Three days I have sought - even for a Keeper, you tread masterful light. Word from your uncle, my prince - the king wishes you sup with him in a fortnight and bids you home to Buckbanburg."\n\nForest just sighed. He had no desire to leave the Eygsic's cool mornings for the capital's hot, rancid afternoons, but the king himself... Forest began bringing Hollycrest around with a squeeze of his legs around her carapace."
 deponya_flavour.2.a:0 ""Then a-supping with my uncle I shall go.""
 
 deponya_flavour.3.t:0 "Same Boring Morning"
 deponya_flavour.3.d:0 "Little Rhubarb Tart always awoke last in the family, and this morning, like every morning, he was all but carried to the family table for his morning porridge by the largest of the family's spiders, Silken. Still half-asleep, he finished his breakfast while ignoring his father and mother talking about bushels and acres and shocks and sheaves - it didn't bother him any. He was going to have the same job he always did, the same job every youngest sibling gets. Fruit-catching duty.\n\nTwo hours later, as the sun burned away the last of the morning fog rolling off the river, Rhubarb winced as an enormous peach bounced off of his head instead of landing on the sheet he was holding, stretched-out between himself and Silken. "Watch it!" he cried out, and out of the canopy of the peach tree, a couple of small spiders poked out from behind leaves, offering some apologetic gestures before getting back to the delicate work of plucking ripe peaches and dropping them to Rhubarb down below.\n\nDistantly, he could hear his older brothers and sisters singing one of their work songs in unison as they hauled the heavy plough through what would soon be fields of barley - but he was interrupted by a flurry of falling peaches landing in his sheet, and then another striking him in the head."
 deponya_flavour.3.a:0 "By bough and by plough, Deponya endures."